Fix connector state transitions from FAILED to PAUSED or STOPPED (#12750)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: CHANGELOG.md

## 1.1.0

> * Fix connector state transitions from `FAILED` to `PAUSED` or `STOPPED`

Reviewer: Maybe this would be more clear and more positive (as the CHANGELOG is really about new features and major changes rather than bugfixes).

```suggestion
* Allow failed `KafkaConnectors` to be paused or stopped
```

Author: Thanks for the comment, I will make the CHANGELOG clearer and more positive.
